fix: Postgres rehaul (#911)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/reference/datasources/querying-postgres.md

* **Host Address\*:** Provide the hostname or IP address. If you are on a self-hosted instance and connecting to a database on `localhost`, use `host.docker.internal` on Windows and macOS hosts and `172.17.0.1` on Linux hosts to access services running on the host machine from within the container.

> * **Port\*:** A port is a numerical identifier that helps establish a network connection. If you don’t specify a port, Appsmith try's to connect to port `5432`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Port\*:** A port is a numerical identifier that helps establish a network connection. Appsmith tries to connect to port `5432` if you don't specify a port.
```
